SRVKS-261: Removing Knative Serving remains (#17165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-deleting-knative-serving-crds.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// serverless/installing-openshift-serverless.adoc

[id="deleting-knative-serving-crds_{context}"]

> = Deleting Knative Serving CRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Deleting Knative Serving CRDs from the operator
```

> After uninstalling the {ServerlessOperatorName}, some Knative Serving components may remain. Use this procedure to completely uninstall Knative Serving API services and CRDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After uninstalling the {ServerlessOperatorName}, the CRDs and API Services of the operator itself remain on the cluster. Use this procedure to remove those.
```

.Prerequisite

> *  You have deleted the `knative-serving` project and removed the {ServerlessOperatorName}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  You have uninstalled Knative Serving and removed the {ServerlessOperatorName} per above instructions.
```

> *  You have uninstalled Knative Serving and removed the {ServerlessOperatorName} using the procedure above. 

Reviewer 2: Per the IBM style guide, don't use `above`. Use `previously` or `preceding` to indicate position.
